To get the most out of Kafka,
it's critical that you understand how to properly configure topics.
Kafka topics provide many settings and
configuration options that you need to be familiar with.
In this section, we're going to review
the most important configuration options and learn how to
use them to get the most out of a Kafka topics.
As we learned in the previous section,
Kafka uses data replication to duplicate data across multiple machines.
It helps prevent data loss in case of broker fails.
Most commonly, the desired replication factor is set at the topic level.
You should always specify this value when creating a topic.
If a leader broker fails or is removed from the cluster,
the cluster will identify
another Replica Broker to take over its place as the new leader,
as we learned in the previous section.
For Replica Broker to take over,
it must be in sync with the previous leader.
This is called an "In Sync Replica."
You'll typically see in here this abbreviated as an ISR.
Again, this is called an "In Sync Replica," and we're going to abbreviate as
an ISR in Kafka documentation and elsewhere.
When you configure your topic,
you not only configure the number of replicas,
but you also configure the desired number of In Sync Replicas or ISRs.
What this means is that Kafka will not
indicate that a message has been successfully received to
a producer and tell us number of replicas has successfully received the message.
If you have a replication factor of three,
but an ISR number of two,
both the leader and at least one broker will have received
the message successfully before the producer receives a success message from the broker.
This scenario is great because we can be guaranteed that
both the master and at least one replica have the data.
So if the master were to fail,
at least one other machine would be available to take over.
Be careful setting the ISR number too high.
Remember that every additional In Sync Replica is
one more machine that has to receive and store the message.
This can slowdown processing if the number grows too large. One final note.
The scenario I just described is not as one side as it sounds.
The producer must also indicate
how many brokers it wants to acknowledge this message with the AX setting.
We'll cover this a little bit more later.